Add cloudevents-spring sample (#3045)
knative/docs: docs/serving/samples/cloudevents/cloudevents-spring/README.md

# Spring + CloudEvents + Knative

A simple web app written in Java using Spring Cloud Function that can receive CloudEvents. It
supports running in two modes:

1. The default mode has the app reply to your input events with the output
   event, which is simplest for demonstrating things working in isolation, but

>    is also the model for working for the Knative Eventing `Broker` concept. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   is also the model for working with the Knative Eventing `Broker` concept. The
```

Not sure if it should be "the model of working for the Knative Eventing Broker" - for working for sounds a little bit off, but I'm not sure what would make it clear. 

Maybe even "but is also the model for the Knative Evenging `Broker` concept. Could drop "for working"

   input event is modified assigning a new source and type attribute.

2. `K_SINK` mode has the app send events to the destination encoded in
   `$K_SINK`, which is useful to demonstrate how folks can synthesize events to
   send to a Service or Broker when not initiated by a Broker invocation (e.g.

>    implementing an event source). The input event is modified assigning a new

Reviewer 2: In this mode, there's no input event? left over?

Author: I copied the README from another sample. So you're asking the wrong person, but there is an input event, in the sense that the application accepts input. It seems to work teh same as the other sample when I run it locally, so I might be wrong, but then we both are.

Reviewer 2: I was confused, I thought this was acting as a source, in that there's no incoming event. You're right, sorry for the confusion :)

   source and type attribute.

> The application will use `$K_SINK`-mode whenever the environment variable is

Reviewer 2: nit for consistency, maybe drop the $ since above you say K_SINK mode?

Author: Copy paste. If you want to fix this sample, you would want to fix the other(s). Can we make that a separate patch?

specified.

Follow the steps below to create the sample code and then deploy the app to your
cluster. You can also download a working copy of the sample, by running the
following commands:

```shell
git clone -b "{{< branch >}}" https://github.com/knative/docs knative-docs
cd knative-docs/docs/serving/samples/cloudevents/cloudevents-spring
```

## Before you begin

- A Kubernetes cluster with Knative installed and DNS configured. Follow the
  [installation instructions](../../../../install/README.md) if you need to
  create one.
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com) installed and running on your local machine,
  and a Docker Hub account configured (we'll use it for a container registry).

## Build and deploy the sample

To build the image, run:

```shell
mvn compile jib:build -Dimage=<image_name>
```

> To deploy the Knative Service, look in the `service.yaml` and replace `<image>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the Knative Service, edit the `service.yaml` file and replace `<image>`
```

with the deployed image name. Then run:

```shell
kubectl apply -f service.yaml
```

## Testing the sample

Get the URL for your Service with:

```shell
$ kubectl get ksvc
NAME                URL                                            LATESTCREATED             LATESTREADY               READY   REASON
cloudevents-spring   http://cloudevents-java.xip.io                 cloudevents-spring-86h28   cloudevents-spring-86h28   True
```

Then send a CloudEvent to it with:

```shell
$ curl -v \
    -H "content-type: application/json"  \
    -H "ce-specversion: 1.0"  \
    -H "ce-source: http://curl-command"  \
    -H "ce-type: curl.demo"  \
    -H "ce-id: 123-abc"  \
    -d '{"name":"Dave"}' \
    http://cloudevents-java.xip.io
```

You can also use the "structured" message format from Cloud Events using a more specific content type:

```shell
$ curl -v \
    -H "content-type: application/cloudevents+json"  \
    -d '{
      "specversion": "1.0",
      "source": "http://curl-command",
      "type": "curl.demo",
      "id": "123-abc",
      "data": {"name":"Dave"}
    }' \
    http://cloudevents-java.xip.io
```

> N.B. the response from the server is "binary", not "structured", so you get the same response as if you sent a binary message..

Reviewer: Maybe expand what N.B. stands for, I'm not sure of what it means in the sentence.

Author: N.B. -> "Note". I'll put in another commit and then squash them all down.
